This file is part of AgendaCreator, which is copyright 2018-2019 psvenk and
other AgendaCreator contributors.

This file (but no other part of AgendaCreator, unless specifically stated)
may be used under CC0-1.0. You should be able to find this license in the
file LICENSE_CC0, or at <https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>.

AgendaCreator is free/libre and open-source software.

AgendaCreator is dual-licensed under the Apache License, version 2.0 or any
later version, and the Mozilla Public License, version 2.0 or any later
version, but some files (or some parts of files) may also be available under
the MIT/Expat license. This means that you may choose between the Apache
License, version 2.0 or any later version, or the Mozilla Public License,
version 2.0 or any later version, if you use AgendaCreator. If all of the
parts of AgendaCreator that you use are available under the MIT/Expat
license, you may use AgendaCreator under the MIT/Expat license if you wish.

You should have received copies of the Apache License, version 2.0, the
Mozilla Public License, version 2.0, and the MIT/Expat license along with
AgendaCreator. These should be in the files LICENSE_APACHE, LICENSE_MPL, and
LICENSE_MIT respectively. If you did not receive a copy of any one or more of
these licenses, see <https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>,
<https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/>, and/or
<https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html> respectively. You may use a later version
of the Apache License, published by the Apache Software Foundation, or the
Mozilla Public License, published by Mozilla, if you wish.

Unless otherwise stated, all parts of AgendaCreator may be used under the
license of AgendaCreator.

To determine the license of a particular file or a section of a file, find a
comment near the beginning of that section (such as a comment near the
beginning of a function or method), beginning with the text "SPDX-License-
Identifier". This should tell you the license for that section of the file.
If there is no license information for the function, check for a license at
the beginning of the file. If there is still no license at the beginning of
the file, open an issue on GitHub stating that there is no license for that
file.

SPDX License Identifier for this file only:
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC0-1.0 OR Apache-2.0+ OR MPL-2.0+

SPDX License Identifier for AgendaCreator:
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0+ OR MPL-2.0+
